* Errata: question 3.1 - What is the latest version of vim is out of date.

* You can press the CTRL-D key after typing the help keyword to get a list of
all the help keywords containing the supplied pattern.

From the help window, you can use the ":tag" command to search for
keywords. For example,

    :tselect /window

You can use the ":helpgrep" command to search for the given text in all the
help files. The quickfix window will be opened with all the matching lines.

							*:file_f*
:f[ile][!] {name}	Sets the current file name to {name}.  The optional !
			avoids truncating the message, as with |:file|.
			If the buffer did have a name, that name becomes the
			|alternate-file| name.  An unlisted buffer is created
			to hold the old name.

5.3. How do I change the current directory to the directory of the current
     file?

You can use the following command to change the current directory to the
directory of the current file:

    :cd %:p:h
    
------------------------------------------------------------

5.7. How do I edit a file whose name is under the cursor?

You can use the gf command to edit a file whose name is under the cursor.
You can use the CTRL-W f command to edit the file in a new window.

------------------------------------------------------------

5.10. How do I open a file in read-only mode?

You can open a file in read-only mode using the ":view" command:

    :view <filename>

This command sets the 'readonly' option for the opened buffer. You can also
use the "-R" command-line option to open a file in read-only mode:

    $ vim -R <filename>

You can also use the symbolic link "view" to open a file in read-only mode:

    $ view <filename>

For more information, read

    :help 07.6
    :help 'readonly'
    :help 'modifiable'
    :help :view
    :help :sview
    :help view
    :help -R
    :help -M

------------------------------------------------------------

6.1. How do I switch between files while editing multiple files in Vim?

There are several ways to switch between multiple files. You can use the
":buffer" command to switch between multiple files. For example,

    :buffer file1
    :buffer file2

You can also use the CTRL-^ key to switch between buffers. By specifying a
count before pressing the key, you can edit the buffer with that number.
Without the count, you can edit the alternate buffer by pressing CTRL-^

You can also use the ":e #" command to edit a particular buffer:

    :e #5

For more information, read

    :help edit-files
    :help :buffer
    :help CTRL-^
    :help alternate-file
    :help 22.4
    :help 07.3

------------------------------------------------------------

6.4. How do I open multiple files at once from within Vim?

There are several ways to open multiple files at once from within Vim. You
can use the ":next" command to specify a group of files:

    :next f1.txt f2.txt
    :next *.c

You can use the :args command to specify a group of files as argument:

    :args f1.txt f2.txt
    :args *.c

After loading the files, you can use the ":next" and ":prev" command to
switch between the files.

For more information, read

    :help 07.2
    :help :next
    :help :args_f
    :help argument-list

------------------------------------------------------------

8.1. I have made some modifications to a buffer. How do I edit another
     buffer without saving the modified buffer and also without losing the
     modifications?

You can set the 'hidden' option to edit a file without losing modifications
to the current file:

    :set hidden

By setting the 'hidden' option, you can also save the modification history
(undo-history) for the buffer. Otherwise, as you switch between files, the
undo-history will be lost.

For more information, read

    :help 'hidden'
    :help hidden-quit
    :help :hide

------------------------------------------------------------

8.3. How do I replace the buffer in the current window with a blank buffer?

You can use the ":enew" command to load an empty buffer in place of the
buffer in the current window.

For more information, read

    :help :enew

------------------------------------------------------------

8.5. How do I open all the current buffers in separate windows?

You can use the ":ball" or ":sball" commands to open all the buffers
in the buffer list:

    :ball

For more information, read

    :help :ball

------------------------------------------------------------

9.3. How do I zoom into or out of a window?

You can zoom into a window (close all the windows except the current
window) using the "CTRL-W o" command or the ":only" ex command.

You can use the "CTRL-W _" command or the ":resize" ex command to increase
the current window height to the highest possible without closing other
windows.

You can use the "CTRL-W |" command or the ":vertical resize" ex command to
increase the current window width to the highest possible without closing
other windows.

You can use the "CTRL-W =" command to make the height and width of all the
windows equal.

------------------------------------------------------------

10.8. How do I scroll two or more buffers simultaneously?

You can set the "scrollbind" option for each of the buffer to scroll them
simultaneously.

For more information, read

    :help 'scrollbind'
    :help scroll-binding
    :help 'scrollopt'

------------------------------------------------------------

10.13. How do I go back to previous cursor locations?

You can go back to the cursor location before the latest jump using the ''
or `` command. You can use the CTRL-O command to go back to older cursor
positions and the CTRL-I command to go to the newer cursor positions in the
jump list.

For more information, read

    :help 03.10
    :help mark-motions
    :help jump-motions
